okay hey youtube this is my 10 gallon
fish tank 10 gallons I've got three
goldfish in here and aqua clear filter
gravels just showing the fish tank and
I'm about to put this fish tank on
Craigslist because my husband and I are
planning to get a 55 gallon for these
ones and adding one more goldfish let's
see that little one right there that is
BAE BAE BAE BAE he used to chase the
ugly fish around calling BAE BAE that
white one is blanket and that big golden
right right there in front of blanket is
Flo we got them all at the same time
they were all the same size it's so cool
how they probably have different
personalities and like different things
and grow different speeds it's really
cool so guys this one this fish tank I
got from Walmart
if I took this filter thing off the set
thing for the filtered little cap it
gets my fish tank way cleaner so if it
was on there these Kugelfischer not
again
you're not going to get sucked up there
so okay I'll post some more videos but
for now this is it I just wanted to get
my fish on on here again this is a 10
gallon tank stay tuned for an update all
right